README.md, before:

# Eric needs that $45,000 



##### Background:

Roosterteeth's Peter Hayes tweeted the [existance of eric baudours personal bank](https://twitter.com/ThatPeterHayes/status/1273331165420834816?s=20). Who's eric? Producer / Personality for RoosterTeeth. 
###### Listen to [facejam](https://roosterteeth.com/series/face-jam)

# Contents

##### `./src/`
Basic reactjs project structure

- **`./src/components`**
  - All components set here 
- **`./src/containers`**
  - Containers are combinations of components.
- **`./src/services`**
  - Any classes acting as service modules reside here.
- **`./src/styles`**
  - Base styles, known as global styles set here.


##### `webpack.config.js`
- Entry from `./src/index.js` and outputs `bundle.js`

##### `.babelrc`
- Sets babel preset to reactjs as default

##### `package.json`
- Basic reactjs required dependencies.

##### `.gitignore`
- ignores node elements, common UNIX elements such as `.DS_Store` and more.

##### `.editorconfig`
- ensure spacing and other fine factors of the coding life are consistant acrosses not only IDE's but also OS enviroments.

##### `.eslintrc.js`
- Contains common eslint rules with a small selection of simple ignores to aid in fast building of repos.
- Uses the Airbnb ruleset thanks to the suggestion from @jadnco

##### `.gitattributes`
- Forces all binary and text files to follow consistant line ending rules, as some team members work with Windows and others Mac.

# Base Licence `AGPL-3.0-or-later`
Why did i choose this licence? For this specific line right here:
> When a modified version is used to provide a service over a network, the complete source code of the modified version must be made available.

_Found on [choosealicence.com](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/);_

This seems to be a good all around licence to ensure all parties are getting the same access to Opensource Software software.

Commit message:

Add/gif (#1)
* Add the man himself

Source: https://imgur.com/a/DQW30tk

* Add prettier config

* Switch to gatsby recommended MIT licence

* Switch to Gatsbyjs site

* Finish convert to gatsbyjs

README.md, after:

# Eric needs that $45,000 



##### Background:

Roosterteeth's Peter Hayes tweeted the [existance of eric baudours personal bank](https://twitter.com/ThatPeterHayes/status/1273331165420834816?s=20). Who's eric? Producer / Personality for RoosterTeeth. 
###### Listen to [facejam](https://roosterteeth.com/series/face-jam)

# Contents

##### `./src/`
Basic reactjs project structure

- **`./src/pages`**
  - The main page lives here



##### `package.json`
- Basic gatsbyjs required dependencies.

##### `.gitignore`
- ignores node elements, common UNIX elements such as `.DS_Store` and more.

##### `.editorconfig`
- ensure spacing and other fine factors of the coding life are consistant acrosses not only IDE's but also OS enviroments.

##### `.eslintrc.js`
- Contains common eslint rules with a small selection of simple ignores to aid in fast building of repos.
- Uses the Airbnb ruleset thanks to the suggestion from @jadnco

##### `.gitattributes`
- Forces all binary and text files to follow consistant line ending rules, as some team members work with Windows and others Mac.

# Base Licence `MIT`
As recommended by Gatsbyjs
